Adding links to the landing page (#2460)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/toc.md

---

> title: Dafny Resources for Useres

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Dafny Resources for Users
```

<link rel="stylesheet" href="assets/main.css">

> <font size="+4"><p style="text-align: center;">The Dafny Language and Software Verification System</p></font>

Reviewer: Same as above; should be a title, not a `<font>`.  This will help with accessibility, too.

Author: Done

   * [Cheatsheet](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kz5_yqzhrEyXII96eCF1YoHZhnb_6dzv-K3u79bMMis/edit?pref=2&pli=1): basic Dafny syntax on two pages
   * Dafny [Quick Reference](./QuickReference)
   * [Getting started tutorial](./OnlineTutorial/guide), focusing mostly on simple imperative programs
* Detailed documents for programmers
   * [**Dafny Reference Manual**](DafnyRef/DafnyRef)
   * [**Style Guide for Dafny programs**](StyleGuide/Style-Guide)
   * Language reference for the [Dafny type system](http://leino.science/papers/krml243.html), which also describes available expressions for each type
* Dafny Tutorials
   * [Introduction to Dafny](OnlineTutorial/guide)
   * [A Tutorial on Using Dafny to Construct Verified Software](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1701.04481.pdf), Paqui Lucio, 2017
   * [Value Types](OnlineTutorial/ValueTypes)
   * [Sets](OnlineTutorial/Sets)
   * [Sequences](OnlineTutorial/Sequences)
   * [Lemmas and Induction](OnlineTutorial/Lemmas)
   * [Modules](OnlineTutorial/Modules)
   * [Termination](OnlineTutorial/Termination)

* Forums for Q&amp;A

>    * Problem reports on [GitHub](https://gitnub.com/dafny-lang/dafny/Issues)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * [Problem reports](https://github.com/dafny-lang/dafny/issues) and [discussions](https://github.com/dafny-lang/dafny/discussions) on GitHub
```
